this guy's unloading a sod defeat yeah
oh how it works but it's like almost
impossible for them to kill you this guy
got it on no char and he had a video of
it
I just died on the tiles and just got
bended
yeah I think he did it
yeah definitely keep recording it
because we were trying to figure out how
to trigger at radicand I gonna have some
good footage
hey it's basically invulnerable he only
died once he was sleeping running into
the base and shit it's gonna be the
greatest match we have three I'll ever
play in my life wrenching on it to
wrench it's not even gonna get into
other people I got the picture
dude evening it's so hard with a gun a
quarter I don't think they just like
shoots up in the air and shit this is
more to come to us I think they're under
a guy in Chad it's a it's like why the
hell don't you take any papers son yeah
here's again that was
fucking ice killed me enough on my
little edge a little bit ago hey called
me a scum fuck
yeah I call them that first
I just took damage or something
something just hit me
I'll me
oh right
nope you know he's on the toe
don't worry vulnerable man something
smuggling empathy wallet that's what we
always see it is we always see if you're
under Gillett or just takes a lot
basically doing that's I got her did you
he's getting prepare something yeah yeah
keep that dude I've only seen it once we
tried to replicate I guess that was the
end of my third person round